Restructure Source Maps Upload page (#5799)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/sourcemaps/overview/javascript.remix.mdx

> ## Upload Source Maps for a Svelte Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upload Source Maps for a Remix Project
```

> ## Uploading Source Maps For A Svelte Project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Upload Source Maps for a Svelte Project
```

Sentry uses [releases](/product/releases/) to match the correct source maps to your events.
This page is a guide on how to create releases and upload source maps to Sentry when bundling your Remix app.

> ### 1: Generating Source Maps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 1. Generate Source Maps
```

To generate source maps with your Remix project, you need to call `remix build` with the `--sourcemap` option.

Please refer to the [Remix CLI docs](https://remix.run/docs/en/v1/other-api/dev#remix-cli) for more information.

> ### 2: Creating A Release And Uploading Source Maps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 2. Create a Release and Upload Source Maps
```

> The Sentry Remix SDK provides an automatic script to create a release and upload source maps after you built your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sentry Remix SDK provides a script to automatically create a release and upload source maps after you've built your project.
```

> Under the hood it uses the Sentry CLI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Under the hood, it uses the Sentry CLI.
```

> This script requires some configuration that can either be done through a `.sentryclirc` file in the root of your project or through environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script requires some configuration, which can either be done through a `.sentryclirc` file in the root of your project or through environment variables:
```

<Note>

> Visit the [auth token user settings page](https://sentry.io/settings/account/api/auth-tokens/) to find your auth tokens.

Reviewer: My first thought here was that we should be sending them to whatever docs page explains that you can either use a personal token or an org token set up through the integration platform, but then I couldn't find such a page. @imatwawana, does this exist that you know of?

Author: This should be a general cleanup where we go through the docs and change sections that mention personal auth tokens to mention integrations instead.

</Note>

```ìni {filename:.sentryclirc}
[auth]
token=your-auth-token

[defaults]
org=___ORG_SLUG___
project=___PROJECT_SLUG___
```

```bash
export SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN=your-auth-token
export SENTRY_ORG=___ORG_SLUG___
export SENTRY_PROJECT=___PROJECT_SLUG___
```

Next, run the upload script with the following command:

```yarn
yarn sentry-upload-sourcemaps

# For usage details run
yarn sentry-upload-sourcemaps --help
```

```npm

> node ./node_modules/@sentry/remix/scripts/sentry-upload-sourcemaps.js

Reviewer: Is there a reason we're not using `npm run` here? ([Docs](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v9/commands/npm-run-script))

Author: I don't think you can run binaries with npm run

Reviewer: Ah, right, okay. Node it is, then!

# For usage details run
node ./node_modules/@sentry/remix/scripts/sentry-upload-sourcemaps.js --help
```

<Note>

For more advanced configuration, [use `sentry-cli` directly to upload source maps.](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cli).

</Note>

> ### 3: Remove Remix Source Maps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 3. Remove Remix Source Maps
```

> Remix validly discourages the user to have source maps in production. After uploading the maps to Sentry we suggest you delete the `.map` files, here's a simple example in bash:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remix validly discourages the user from hosting source maps in production. After uploading the maps to Sentry, we suggest you delete the `.map` files. Here's a simple example in bash:
```
